Add deprecated message to varlink command (#6610)
containers/libpod: docs/source/markdown/podman-remote.1.md

(not container) storage, hence each can use or manipulate images (but not containers)
created by the other.

> Podman-remote provides a local client interacting with a Podman backend node through a RESTful API tunneled through a ssh connection. In this context, a Podman node is a Linux system with Podman installed on it and the API service activated. Credentials for this session can be passed in using flags, environment variables, or in `podman-remote.conf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Podman-remote provides a local client interacting with a Podman backend node through a RESTful API tunneled through a SSL/TLS connection. In this context, a Podman node is a Linux system with Podman installed on it and the API service activated. Credentials for this session can be passed in using flags, environment variables, or in `podman-remote.conf`
```

Reviewer 2: No, we want them tunning through ssh not directly via SSL/TLS

Reviewer: Thought we were using https?

Reviewer 2: Nope.  ssh is default.
